Hi friend it's hunter from interactive
and in today's video we take a look at
creating this bottle from scratch and
this is some inspiration obviously from
over here and I wanted to try and
recreate this as best as I can this is
the result that I got first time around
and I'll walk through this step by step
show you how to model it all light it
all texture it all how to do all that so
you can follow along this one's going to
be a longer tutorial so sit back and
relax you can also follow along with the
project files which will be down in the
description
if you're interested in product
visualization our blender course is the
perfect place to start learn how to
create impressive product CGI that looks
professional and realistic with lifetime
access to updates and new courses you'll
have endless opportunities to grow and
refine your skills enroll now and take
the first step towards becoming a pro in
product visualization
alright so let's jump in first thing
I'll do is start a new document
now I will be going at a bit of a faster
Pace just as there's a lot to go through
here so I'm just going to create some
collections that I haven't got
so a reference collection and a backup
these are all created by default when
I set up my default blender scene
and in the reference one I'll Import in
an image and it'll be a reference image
and I'll have to go find
my images here there we go
load this image in
and so with this image we can come down
to the object data properties over here
and drop the opacity down to like 0.5 so
we can see the
the plane or the mesh through it
the guides and we'll drop this sort of
on the Baseline here
somewhere in here
and then what I can do is go toggle my
restrictions this restriction here is
the selectable one
then I can make this unselectable and I
can just sort of
it's um
let's move the collection to the top
make it unselectable and rename this
RF
for reference
all right so now I can start modeling it
and so this one will be pretty simple
modeling I'll just go shift a and we'll
add in a mesh and we'll go start with
the circle
now if I tab into edit mode and press
one I can see the vertices which will
make it a little bit easier to model and
I'll just model the base shape so it'd
be simple shape like this
um let's select all shift n to flip the
normals you can turn this option on and
off by here the face orientation and it
just shows you whether the model is
inside out or not
I usually keep it on just so that I know
a bit easier
yeah what I'm going to do up here is
maybe I'll go from this View
if I go alt Z that'll go x-ray mode and
I can just grab this top Loop here by
Alt clicking or option clicking
and I can e right click to drop that in
place
and I'll just scale this one down
e or just bring it up to somewhere like
here
I'm going to add another cap on so if I
go Ctrl Plus
and scale this in a bit
we can go something like this
and I'll model another bit onto here
that'll go for our it'll be like the
spray cap bit because there's a spring
and everything and this is a room spray
as you can see here
so some good old fragrance for our room
all right so down the bottom here
I'll just grab this
and
what I'll do
is I'll have to fill
and I to inset it a couple times
and I'll just go I'll start lifting this
up so grab these two loops
just lift these two up
like that then grab that Loop and then I
can
um let's go insert it one more
F or M to merge at the center here
now if I Tab out
I can bring my circle into my product
here
we'll call this bottle
and I can hide that and I if I press
Ctrl 2 I'll add two levels of
subdivision here under my modifiers and
I can right click this and shade this
smooth like so
if I add some more Loops Ctrl R up here
and that'll help the shape a bit more
now what I usually do with this is
instead of adding Edge Loops into each
corner
I'll just select the edges if I can so
go something like this
deselect that one grab this one
grab these edges
just go front on and I'll just have a
look at this so I can press Ctrl B
to Bevel this and I'll just look at
if I just look at the curve that it's
creating as you can see in the top
corner here
you can see the curve that's creating
I can bring it up to a certain level
somewhere here
I'm going to press p and keep pulling
and what that'll do when I click is
change the shape so here I can change
the shape
and it will pull it up so it's something
like this
and that really tightens the edges
now the base what I'm going to do is
actually
bring this Loop up
and I'm going to bring this
bit up too so it's a bit more rounded at
the bottom here
like that
top Edge is quite good maybe just adjust
this a little bit
you can alt click these Loops GG to Edge
slide them
something like that
now what I'm going to do is go front on
and we'll turn our reference back on
and we'll add in a solidify modifier
pull it above the subdivision
let's zoom in and have a look at this
edge here
and so then what I can do is just
holding shift
increase the thickness and I can also
press even thickness
to make sure that it's a nice even
thickness around
tap into edit mode I'll add a loop cut
up here maybe one in the center just for
support
and we've got the beginning of our shape
so it's looking quite good
we will need to apply this solidifier
so what I'll do is duplicate this right
click to drop it in place then just drag
it down into backup
and then I'll just hide the back up so
it disappears and then this one I can
apply the solidifier
and we've got some overlapping mesh in
here
if you can look in the edge
some of the mesh is overlapping
so to fix this Edge Loop we have to work
out which way we want it to go so
I just press one and select some of
these edges
so what I want to happen is this Edge
Loop is the one that's the top here
it's the flat bit here
so I want everything to come down to
that level and so what I'll do
is I'll sort of start merging this so
that's an extra Loop in there
that's on its own
and so what I'm going to do
turn on auto merge
and I just look one straight on I'll
just go GG move this down
and before I do that I'm going to come
up here
change this to vertex snapping to vertex
which means I can snap it to these edges
and then
I can do this so I'll go GG
holding down to control I can hover over
this edge here
and it will snap and straight away it
will
align that
then I'll grab this Loop here
this one here
look straight on and I'll go GG
and what I'll do is
if I bring it close enough maybe snap
it'll merge because it's close enough
then I can turn off the auto merge up
here
now when I Tab out I've got this shape
in here and the reason that's happening
is because I haven't got enough Edge
Loops inside
so this edge here we can go Ctrl B
pull it out to Bevel it and we can add
like a nice sharp edge Loop like we did
before
and that'll keep the same settings as
long as we haven't done a bevel
elsewhere
with different settings
so now we've got this shape so that's
good and ready to go all right so the
next shape I want to do is probably the
liquid inside
and what's Happening Here currently is
that the bottle is coming down
and it's got this base that comes all
the way down to here
but in reality the bottom of the bottle
here comes down and curves around here
so what I can do is we're going into
edit mode
I'm going to select this Middle Point I
can get it in here
this one here and I can go Ctrl Plus on
my number pad
or we can actually go to select and
select more
you can use select more
I'll go up to somewhere here
like this and go X and delete the
vertices
so now I'll grab this inside loop here
and we'll have a look on the side here
and then what I can do is actually grid
fill this so
I've got it set up on my quick favorites
because I use it all the time
but so basically it's face grid fill and
to set it put it on your quick favorites
you can right click this
and go add to Quick favorites
so then what we can do is grid fill this
the groove fill
now this is quite
it's got a lot of geometry so I can
actually drop the span down
there's not as much and I'm looking for
one that gets a point directly in the
center something like this
um this could work too I think I'm going
to go
six I think
and you can offset it as well if you
want it to be straight
so now what I can do is just look
straight on
and I'm going to just grab the bottom
here and just plus Control Plus and then
press h to hide all that
now I can come up here
switch this to sphere this is our
proportional editing so if I turn that
on I can select this Middle Point
face straight on
and then just start dragging this down
to create a nice curve down the bottom
so we'll match the curve of this here
and then we can move it into place so
I'll turn off proportional editing
then we can move this into place and I'm
also going to grab this one
which we might need to just grab
straight through
bring this up like so I'll add in a loop
cut here
to change the direction of that a little
bit
now if I press if I'm happy with that I
can press
alt H to
reveal all the hidden mesh
so there we go so we've got that in
there if I hide my reference
we've got this nice shape in the bottom
here
so then I can make my
my liquid from that so if I just select
that Center Point
control plus all the way up to the top
it will go further Shifty right click to
place it back where it was copied from
then p
grade after and then separate by
selection so this this will separate it
into two objects now this one I can call
be good all right so I'm going to start
modeling the top bit here so if I bring
car up here tab into edit mode I'm just
going to select the top here and go
shift s and while holding it down I can
just move my mouse down and it'll say
cursor to selected and so bring my 3D
cursor up here so now when I go shift a
and add in a sphere
I'm going to drop the vertices down to
16.
and then tab into edit mode and I can
scale this down like so
I'm just going to bring it down just a
tad we'll look at our reference here to
see where this might sit
and I'll just set it in here so I'll go
easy
scale it up to something that might sort
of sit on top
so
might scale this down shift
this is a tad
something like that now we're not going
to see this so you can choose whether to
model this or not
so now what I'm going to do is grab
we want to fill these faces so I'm going
to go f just to insert this twice
or a couple times M merge at the center
F inset a couple times
M merge at Center
so now if I Tab out I'm going to hide my
reference and just work on it from here
so
I'm going to go Ctrl 2 alt Z so I can
look at the mesh tab a select all shift
n
to recalculate the normals
and now I want to add in some geometry
to this so I'll go controller
add in some Loop Cuts here
now I'm going to select these two Edge
Loops control
B
to Beverly still really small bevel
right click shade smooth
now we want to keep this sort of squares
as
as best as possible try and keep these
as squares because what we're going to
do now is apply a subdivision so what
I'll do is tab into object mode then
I'll hover over the subdivision and
press Ctrl a and that'll apply it so we
get this really dense mesh here
if I look straight on what I'm going to
do now is go three
and I'm going to sort of Select an area
here to punch a hole out of
so we're going to sort of figure out how
big do I want the
like the nozzle the spray nozzle to be
first I'm just going to
edit this shape a little bit so we'll go
select backslash
I can grab the top here gig Control Plus
down to there
and if I go alt z i can scale this by
pressing s and then shift Z which will
exclude the z-axis and just scale this
in
a little bit further
they could use your reference here I'm
just going off I
um
I think this will work slash two coming
out of local View and then we've got
this shape here
so I'm going to hide my reference for
now
we'll go three for face select and ALT
alt Z to get out of
uh x-ray
and we've got to sort of figure out
where we want to cut this so
I think I want it somewhere here
do I want it bigger how big do I want to
know
so just figure I think it's somewhere
here so I'll grab that I'll go inset it
somewhere something like that
I can go X delete this actually X delete
the faces
that'll delete everything in the middle
now what I can do is just grab the edge
Loop of this
right click with Loop tools and we can
make it a circle so you can see here
and now what I want to do is
is we'll just change the angle a little
bit Straighten It Up
and I also
would probably like to
excuse me I would like to bring this in
a little bit so if I come here
and turn on radius it's a big ball of
red mess but
bring this down
somewhere like here
then I can just take it up to something
like that
and another option I don't want to hit
is flatten so what's flattening is doing
hang on maybe I do need it let's have a
look
if I turn off the radius
let's go flatten
turn on the radius
see what this looks like
it's pushing the geometry in
if I turn off flatten
we'll go something like this then I'll
right click and go curve again we'll
turn off the radius
should be working
it's not doing it very well
so
lock and in for influence let's go
lock the Y
I'll straighten this up
something like this
and look if I add another subdivision
it's pretty much going to handle it
so I'm pretty happy with that if I go f
fill this
inset
this then I can X delete that face
and now I can just grab this Edge Loop
and I can go
e y and just take it in a little bit
and e y take it in more something like
this
you can right click shade smooth
we've got some small things but if I go
Ctrl 2
think pretty much subdivision handles it
gets rid of any fancy stuff I'm also
going to
could try
now let's leave it
yeah we'll leave it select this in a
loop now shift e and we'll grab this
right click p and we'll separate this
selection
so we've got this guy
in edit mode what I'll do is scale this
on the y-axis by zero which means it
will flatten it all
onto one plane
now what I can do is just move this back
on the y-axis
I'm going to e to extrude it back
like so and then I'll grab
this here we'll go f to fill
a selector let's go shift n
recalculate the normals grab this out of
loop
F to fill
now I'm going to isolate this by hitting
the slash key
let's bring this up a little bit
now what I'm going to do
is just basically inset this
a tad and we'll do something here in a
second
and then I'll keep insetting it like
this and you can see that it's starting
to cross over and also it's not a circle
so what I'm going to do is right click
go
Circle and then we'll go flattened like
so
and I'll turn off this and I'll turn
this back angle back to zero
now I can scale this down
and then I can inset it again
down to something like that
then I'm just going to go e to extrude
it back
like that that'll work
I can also grab
the inner loop here
and bevel this really small bevel like
this
I'll grab this Loop here
I'm going to go Ctrl B to Bevel it
we'll leave that Center bevel
and then I'll just inset it twice just
using e
like so I might add an edge loop on that
one
that side add an edge Loop there
going to add another Edge Loop there
and we should have our Center shape it's
a little oblong but we'll leave it I
don't think you'll notice it that size
there's some small shading issues with
the
this bit
but it's just basically
now I've modeled it
it's coming in a bit too far
but I'm just going to leave it I think
it'll be fine at a distance
all right so what I'm going to do is
I'll probably join these two objects
together just select them Ctrl J to join
them into one mesh
and I'll just call this um
spray cap or something like that
creative name
now I'll create the top cap we pop our
reference back on so this one should be
fairly easy
if they uh Circle we'll leave it at 16
segments probably great
good decent for what we're doing
easy
and we'll just do the same as what we've
been doing
this whole time so I'll just take it
like this
and just fill it in the top inset it
a couple times then merge it in the
center
now what I'll do here add in a couple of
Loop cuts and add one in the bottom here
like so
now I might bevel this top
like this a select all shift n
to recalculate the normals
and Ctrl two right click and shade
smooth to add our sub d
and so another thing I might want to do
with this top cap
is actually add some depth to it so I'll
hide my reference again add a solidify
modifier here drag it on top
we'll go even thickness
that should be all right I'll grab this
just Edge slide it down
just a tad
somewhere down there so it's got a
Sharper Edge
and I'll probably leave
this one on I could push it up a bit
more if I wanted
a bit thicker
not too fast about what it looks like on
the inside
yes it looks like looks alright on the
outside
all right so now we've done our liquid
I'll just call this cap
rename it now I'm going to start
modeling
everything on the inside now I'm going
to allow myself to select my image again
and I'm just going to go depth front
so I can see it through everything
actually
I believe it is default and we'll just
use x-ray
all right
let's go alt Z
now most of this is fairly
straightforward uh we'll start off with
this shape here so I think I just went
and sort of moved my cursor to here so
shift s with this selected move the
cursor to selected and it will move into
the center of our object here
so then when I add in the mesh so mesh
Circle
and scale this down it'll be pretty much
ready to go where we need it so this is
off center it's been pushed to the side
um just
because of the straw but I'm going to
model it centered
so we'll just model it like this the
EZ extruding it out
and then we'll just
model the shape
which
should be pretty familiar with
right now
so then I'll just grab this
EZ take that down
to the bottom there and we'll just add
in a couple Loop cuts
along here
add one in there
add some up there
I'm going to push a loop up the top
there
control R push a loop down to the bottom
there also
and now if I go control
two
we get our
image
now what will I do here
I'm just going to hide the bottle for
now
and also the liquid
so if we have a look at this first of
all let's
flip the normals right click shade
smooth
so now we can play around with this so
what I think are do
not said we'll have a look at
this I've beveled these edges here
create a nice sharp edge and I'm pretty
happy with this bit here
we'll leave those two
think that'll work
now
I'll probably bevel
wait let's bevel this one
control B
just to pull in that edge there
do the same We'll add
a solidifier
drop it on top
now I think when I was doing the first
time I wanna
thin this out a little bit more than
what I had it
so we'll go .005 and so it's really thin
and this is just basically shading
and we'll go even thickness
um there are some overlapping geometry
I didn't really find that too much of an
issue when I first went around
all right let's start with the spring so
for the spring I have to enable some
extra objects
so we can go edit preferences and if you
search in the add-ons for extra objects
I've got both of these turned on the
spring is under the curve so we can add
that as an object
and what I'll do
is the spring will come in massive so
I'll sort of put it where I need it to
be and I actually created two Springs so
I'll move the 3D cursor here to this
Loop
shift s bring it here
we'll go shift a
and then when we go to our curve you can
see the curved spirals
and you can just click on the curve
spirals here
I think so no let's go the top option
Arkham archimedian
and so then we've got uh turns
so put in like 15 to begin with and we
can adjust this
we can then put in a height and so you
can see what's happening here
is our spring is growing in height
so then also I brought the radius down
bring it down something like this
so you can see that we're pretty much
ready to go
bring is pretty good
now you can leave this as it is
um I was pretty happy with it so I'll go
shift d
it's duplicate it right click to
paste in place
and I'll just move this down to
somewhere here and just scale on the
z-axis
and we can move it back up
scale it up a little bit more
something like this
and we'll bring it up
like here
and if you go to side view if you press
three
you can actually see that you can join
these so
if I deselect this and press L hovering
over it what it'll do is Select linked
mesh
which means you can select these
separately so if I go l
you can select them separately
and so what I'll do is get rid of these
two vertices get rid of them
I'll go
L it's like that
bring it down sort of in line
grab these
and just go f that'll join it
then you can build around with this and
make sure it looks nice
but it's usually too too small to see
anyway
so then you've got a spring
like this you could have less geometry
in the bottom here if you wanted to
I'm going to select all scale this on
everything but the z-axis so shift Z
we'll go something like this
now I'm also going to just grab the top
here
like that and I'll just press the period
key move over to 3D cursor
and that will tell us I want to Pivot
around the 3D cursor so then when I
scale
I can scale up like this
and I'll just press Z
so I can scale it up and I'm just
looking to get this up into this area
here so that you can't see the edge of
the spring
now with that mesh I can come down to my
curves and we can go to geometry and we
can add some depth
we don't want a lot we'll go something
like 0.2
and that should be our spring in there
so I'll just call this
spring
now there is another object in here so
what I'll do is go
add this one in so go shift a
we're adding a quad sphere
and I think this is with extra objects
you can create a UV sphere if you would
like to
won't make too much difference I'll just
drop
it's a mesh machine
I'll use use the blender's tools just to
follow along
so we'll add a UV sphere
and we'll drop the segments to like 24
because this is going to be tiny
24 is still probably Overkill
I just scale this down bring it down
here
and I can actually do this All In
uh object mode if I wanted to
we'll change the median point
Pivot Point back to medium point just by
the using the period key
we'll scale this
something like this
going to hide
this so I can see my
mesh
and that's pretty good
we'll leave that I wasn't sure whether
the spring was supposed to sit on it or
not
in the imagery it doesn't so
I won't set it there
I will leave that
and the last one is just a curve
or this so that's pretty easy let's hide
our reference
we'll show you the bottle again
and we'll go shift a and add in a curve
just a bezier curve
and so now what I do in edit mode I can
just drag this bit here
up into the top here and rotate it
grab this bit drag it down to the bottom
that we want it on and we can rotate
this
like this and if you scale it
it'll reduce the Curve
and also if we go three we have to fix a
rotation this way too
I might just pull it forward or
something like this
rotate it like this
let's bring it up here
and we can do the same thing here so
what I'll do is hold shift and add in
depth
and I'll just tab grab this
oops
let's rotate this a little bit we'll
just try and Center it a bit
so that it works
but now when I
add my depth so I can go up to here and
you can also add
a solidify modifier so if I add that
it'll add another inset so I'll just add
something small
03 or something like that
the straw maybe not that small
oh five yeah that'll work
all right and then we can adjust this a
little bit I think it's a bit too
it too big so we can skinny that down
just under the geometry bevel and depth
here
in your curve options
and we can just call this
straw
another creative name
then we can move on to the label so what
I'm going to do is just the Last Detail
up in the top just before we do the
label
up in here there's a little detail just
here
and so
let me think the easiest way to do this
one
I think the first time I did it was just
shift a
I added in a circle let's move this up
and
up to the top here
we can tab in data mode just bring it in
like so now I'm going to hide my
reference
E2 extrude straight down I'm just going
to
hide the bottle just make sure that the
normals are the correct way around
select everything and then I can go alt
e
this will bring up the extrude menu and
then I can go extrude along the normals
so then I can take it in
it's completely flipped all my normals
I'll just take it into some way let's go
inside actually
somewhere here that'll work so now I can
select or shift n
to recalculate the normals
now what I'll do here is if I go slash
I'll just grab all these edges
Ctrl B to Bevel them like so
control 2 in object mode and we'll add a
subdivision like so
that should work let's uh just add in
some Loop Cuts here just to albeit the
subdivision a little bit
not that it needs it
so then I do not know what to call this
I'll just call it stopper
and so then I can press slash to get out
of here
call this pump
we're just picking random names at this
point
all right so we're good to move on to
the label
the label just comes from here
and the way I did it last time was
I brought out my reference
and
basically I want to create the curve
first so if I go grab
just a piece out of here so if I grab a
loop here
on the outside shift d right click and
P2 separate the selection then I get
this curve here which is hard to select
recall this label
curve
and now what I can do is go object down
to convert to curve
and so there we go
so if I look straight on
I might move the
if I go object set origin
to the geometry that'll move this little
orange dot on the base where it was up
to the center
and the important thing about curves is
both Origins have to be in the exact
same spot so now when I create my label
shift s
and I go to the
here which is cursor 2 selected it'll
move my 3D cursor to the selected object
now what I'm going to do is create a
label roughly this size so I'll go shift
a
we'll add in a plane I'll rotate this on
the X by 90. so it looks like this
and then I'm just going to scale this
down and in object mode
I'm just going to move it into place
so scale
it up a little bit more
roughly to the size I need
let's just quickly say this
so now what I can do in edit mode is
right click and subdivide this
and I'll just subdivide it a whole bunch
of times so we'll go 10 to begin with
let's see what 11 looks like
you can manually type in the options if
you would like
12.
we'll go 10 and then I right click and
subdivide it again
there we go and now if I go
Ctrl 2.
I get that rounded corner with the
subdivision modifier
and we should be able to bend this to
what we want
just quickly save this
looks like it's getting a bit choppy
so now with this object selector I can
go shift to S case to selected
and then I'll call this one
label
where and then we'll select the label
curve here and I can go shift s and then
go
um selection to cursor and so they'll
just move it straight up
now in my modifier stack for my label
what I'll do is come to modifiers and
I'll add in a curve modifier so
we've got it here
curve and then I can select this curve
just by eyedroppering it we'll get
something like this
so then what I do is drop this above and
then I'll add in a solidify modifier
and I think this is okay on the bottom
here let's shade this smooth
we'll go even thickness
and what I'll do
is I'll just check which way this is
going first
we will go even smaller point zero
zero two something like that
we'll flip it so we'll go offset of one
no negative one worked well
0.005
that'll work
now I might just drag this above
my subdivision
now I press one to look straight on
grab the Curve
and then make sure that you also select
the label
and you want the label to be the lighter
orange of the selections then go Ctrl p
Eep to transform and then I can rotate
this
so that it's sort of sitting
like this
and now when I I can just move this
label around without worrying about the
Curve
all right so that's pretty much all the
modeling done so we've got all that
detail in here
everything is pretty much ready to go
another thing you might want to do in
the head here is if I double click this
a couple times
this here
might be better if it goes to the edge
here
I'm nitpicking at this point but even
just here like if I
here you control B
undo that grab this control
e
then we'll grab this Edge
and our selection negative
okay something like that scale shift s
do something like this
and let's grab this Loop and just bevel
that one
so we've just got this top as if it's
actually
joined
all right
so now we're ready to continue on and so
in
the next part we are going to add all
the materials to all our objects all
right so for the shading I'm going to
attempt to to make it pretty similar to
what I did in the first I'm just going
to divide up my space
a couple times
look through the camera here I have to
show that so show camera
zero
Let's uh
bring this up
like so push it back bring it up a bit
more
we'll go Ctrl B to just isolate that
camera
press Z and go up to the rendered View
and we'll let it go I'm going to turn
off the world lighting for this
and we're pretty much ready to start so
I think this is all right yeah
all right so what we'll do is we'll
start with the main object here
which this is just the
the bottle here
I might have to turn back on my world
lighting here now I've just got a
HRI in here yours would just be Gray
you can also use the
here the viewport shading if you want to
see what the materials are looking like
I'll create a new material first of all
and we'll call this one bottle
we'll probably reuse this one a little
bit
so then I'm just going to bring it into
this weird looking color
somewhere here
and then down here up the transmission
and then pop the roughness down just
like 0.05
something like that
and I'll apply that
bottle also to
my liquid
actually I might do a new setup for
liquid so
duplicate that call it liquid
get rid of the principled bstf
and what I'll do is I'll add in a
glass
and I can just plug that straight into
the surface and that should be good to
go
now there's a few things here
looks like my normals are probably
backwards so this rendering issue I
think it's normals on
the actual like yeah so see here
we haven't completed our liquid here yet
so the reason for that was because I
wanted it to stop
so if I go up here
bring it down a little bit
press F to fill it in
we'll just do this
we'll add a loop cut right there a
select all shift n and then that will
fix the shading
so it's looking right now
um there's still a few things that make
it look pretty ugly but I think that's
the hcri okay so the next one I'm just
going to pull up a reference
in here
so we'll just pull up our reference
image here
this one here that might help
next one is the cap
so what I'll do for this one is I'll
just make it like really dark
and then roughness is pretty good
maybe just drop it a bit
just got a little bit of reflection
let's go even darker
something like that
all right let's continue on
now it's looking very red
we'll fix that in a second
so now what I'm going to do is hide the
bottle and the liquid
liquid here you are
we'll grab these two We'll add
liquid to it
and liquid to that one
now I'll say add liquid to this
this is all just clear objects here
we'll add
maybe the cap duplicate it or stopper
and what I might do is like I don't know
what I'm doing there really we'll grab
this
call this spring
new material I'm always bump the
roughness all the way up
no sorry metallic all the way up
roughness all the way down
so then you just create a metal material
there
that's pretty good
I'm pretty happy with that so far
we'll turn those back on
and then I'll come to the label we'll
call this label
now what I'm going to do is go into edit
mode for this one we will go change this
to a UV editor
and it's pretty good straight off the
bat so what I'll do now
as I'll just drop in my image like so
and we can use this image
as you can see here if I just select or
scale this down it sort of fills the
area and just move it into place
Tab out
so it looks like something's going on
here
if I shift n will that work
where would my label be
we're going to plug it in
it helps if you plug stuff in doesn't it
all right so it's all backwards so what
we'll do
what do we what are we doing
in the bottom corner at the moment so
scale is on the Y by one and then press
negative
hit enter
that that doesn't help
let's undo that
okay
we need a scale on s x by 1 then
negative
there that looks a bit better
I'll just move it
okay
now let's move
scale it up a little bit
just sort of position it
to your liking
all right so now I can adjust this a
little bit I think I had the roughness
down so it's a bit more of a reflective
material
and you could add a bit ashamed if you
wanted to
that's all for experimentation
so
once we get our Lighting in it'll look
alright
alright so let's move on to the lighting
I'll change this back to a 3D viewport
and we'll start on that alright so the
lighting for this was pretty simple
um the only issue I had was just getting
the color of this to look fairly nice so
what we'll do is I'll close the product
and
we will get out of isolation mode here
and then I'll select the lighting
and so I'll just hide this for a second
most of the time when I set up lighting
I set it up pretty much the same way now
so I used to use image textures but you
can do it all in blender
if you know how to do it so what I'll do
is I'll set up a let's move our cursor
back to the sender so shift s cursor to
world origin
and I'll just go shift a We'll add in a
plane and then shift a and add in a
light Nary light and just move this
light just above the plane then
with the error light selected shift
click the plane go control P keep
transformation
and I'll call this first one a key light
the key light's just your main light
we'll drop the
strength of the background to zero
and then we can work with this
so I'm just going to bring this forward
we'll turn on our product
bring this up
we'll face it in the direction
that we would like
move it over
now I'm going to make this super big
so I'll bring it like this
and get super big
hold down period to change to the 3D
cursor rotate this on the local x-axis
so you can get the local x-axis by
pressing X twice
I'll just drop this down so now what I
do is I can increase the power to like
and it won't do anything yet because I
need to add a material here so let's add
in a material on the plane we'll call
this diffuse
and I'll get rid of the principled and
add in a new shift a search for a new
or search for translucent
and then we'll just plug the turn
solution into the surface here
there we go
let's go something like this
I'm going to
go period medium point scale this area
light up nice and big
I want this super bright so let's go
higher
let's go 1000
. it's all right
it's not it's not super bright yet
but let's uh put in a background light
and start playing with the colors before
we
continue on
I'm looking just for a nice highlight
here
I'm not moving the plane
it's the whole reason I parented it
let's move it down a bit I'll rotate
this around
more you rotate around and that bit's
getting distracting now but
let's add some
roughness to this that's not so
yep I think that works
I'm going to move this closer
so it's a bigger
as you can see here it's bigger um
but it's awesome I can scale down the
light source also by the mid medium
Point here
and what that'll do is if I scale it
down and move it away
it'll add a softer Edge now in this case
not
I think I want it a bit sharper than
usual
something like that looks alright
let's hide our viewport overlays
all right so the next thing I want to do
is we'll grab this we'll go shift
right square bracket and that'll select
all the objects that it's that is
parented to the selected object
shift e to duplicate this
I'll rename the top one
um let's call it
the good light or something liquid light
just helps me find it again
and with the liquid like slider selected
I can go alt r
an old G that'll move it back to reset
all the transform and rotation
oh this looks sort of cool
let's go move it back in place let's
rotate it on the X 90 and then press
negative
go the other way
now I don't want to see this
so we can select this and go to these
options here
and down in these options here what
we've got is visibility
and I can check Ray visibility here
that'll hide it for me
so now I can just edit this backlight
here I'm going to scale it in on the
x-axis
I'll just create this nice thin light
if there's something like this
I can also change the spread so I can go
like 120.
let's curve it like this
if I move it away a bit too
I can get a softer fall off to the edge
of the
the shape here
now I've got a bit of editing to do with
there
colors here
also that doesn't look great
let's have a look
what's going on here
it's somewhere up in here
I'll have a look at it
so this is created by basically when we
create the liquid layer here
the
they basically are sitting on top of
each other so you've got to grab the
liquid layer select it all and then go
alt s
and scale it up a bit and so scaling it
up
will push it into inside basically the
bottle and so then you won't get that
weird shading issue then
let's have a look at this
I'm going to probably adjust continue
adjusting colors here I just want a
little bit more orange
and it will take its time to render out
and the colors will change as it goes on
I'm going to bring this in
so you can see that we're getting an
edge Edge light here
but by bringing this in I can actually
do it in edit mode too I bring it in I
can actually take it away if I wanted
but it is
I think it is nice so I'll leave it
something like this
then
save and what I'll do
is I'll come up here
go to color management
we'll add some
contrast
all right so I think this is ready for
our first render
we'll take a peek at what it's going to
look like
so it's looking fairly nice
um
I'd sort of want it a bit more
I'm not sure how to get this color but
something around there
and you can just keep adjusting things
let's make this bigger Maybe
grab that back
let's grab it here
go out in a little bit save and I'll
give it a final render I'm pretty happy
with this I'd probably keep on adjusting
it a little bit
but I've pretty much got the same result
as what I started with
only thing missing now is probably just
a reflector so you just can just add a
big plane in
which will reflect the light I'm going
to
save this
as a render so we'll save it there
you could
go shift a add in a big plane
I'll rotate this on the y-axis by 90.
move it out to the side and we'll just
make this nice and big
if we unpause this
you can see what happens when we bring
it back into the edge
basically this light here is bouncing
straight off this one
and filling this side so you can move
this away to control how dark you want
that to be so I want it to be a fairly
flat
image so I'll do something like that
and then we can render that out
like so that's it for this tutorial if
you're interested we have a course on
product visualization and you can learn
all about product visualization there's
lots more content coming to it the
biggest thing you can learn at the
moment is wine bottles and how to light
that we've also got part of the art of
lighting course released
and there's some tips and tricks on how
to light and how to imitate light
especially how to find inspiration or
new setups if you have any questions
drop them down below and I'll be sure to
answer them until next time I'll see you
guys later